README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a whole host of things, both personally and professionally
- Interesting stuff to look at:
  - [jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
  - [example_deliverables](https://github.com/jameshtwose/example_deliverables)
  - [Data-science](https://github.com/jameshtwose/Data-Science)
  - [covid-dash-jms](https://github.com/jameshtwose/covid-dash-jms)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Model Predictive Control (MPC) and full stack development
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on interesting academic work, or 
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with MPC
- 💬 Ask me about Music or Data Science
- 📫 How to reach me: contact@jamestwose.com
- 😄 Pronouns: he/ him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I do pole dancing in my spare time. 

### 🔗 &nbsp; Connect with me/ see my work
<p align="left">
<a href="https://services.jms.rocks" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://services.jms.rocks/img/logo.png" alt="jamestwose" height="40" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/james-twose-a99b4411a" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linkedin-icon-2.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9KdO6XMAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Google_Scholar_logo.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/jamestwosemusic" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/instagram-2016-5.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linktr.ee/jmsmusic" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linktree-2.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://open.spotify.com/artist/0nb7d2wGMy8y8pvr3bTnV4" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/spotify-2.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLQar4hSRKHWgJfcrfpAhnw/featured" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/youtube-icon.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>


### Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/python-5.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Rlang" width="28px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/r-lang.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="AWS" width="30px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/Amazon_Web_Services_Logo.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/postgresql.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/mysql-6.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/git-icon.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/github-icon-1.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/ubuntu-4.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="24px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/html-1.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="24px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/css-3.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/logo-javascript.svg" />

<br>
<br>

### ⚡ Recent Github Activity 

<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
1. 🎉 Merged PR [#3](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/3) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
2. 💪 Opened PR [#3](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/3) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
3. 🎉 Merged PR [#2](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/2) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
4. 💪 Opened PR [#2](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/2) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
5. 🎉 Merged PR [#1](https://github.com/jameshtwose/fitbit-dash-jms/pull/1) in [jameshtwose/fitbit-dash-jms](https://github.com/jameshtwose/fitbit-dash-jms)
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->


<codersrank-education username="jameshtwose"></codersrank-education>

Commit message:

adding the latest youtube clips to the readme in the text this time

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a whole host of things, both personally and professionally
- Interesting stuff to look at:
  - [jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
  - [example_deliverables](https://github.com/jameshtwose/example_deliverables)
  - [Data-science](https://github.com/jameshtwose/Data-Science)
  - [covid-dash-jms](https://github.com/jameshtwose/covid-dash-jms)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Model Predictive Control (MPC) and full stack development
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on interesting academic work, or fun entrepreneurial stuff
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with MPC
- 💬 Ask me about Music or Data Science
- 📫 How to reach me: contact@jamestwose.com
- 😄 Pronouns: he/ him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I do pole dancing in my spare time. 

### 🔗 &nbsp; Connect with me/ see my work
<p align="left">
<a href="https://services.jms.rocks" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://services.jms.rocks/img/logo.png" alt="jamestwose" height="40" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/james-twose-a99b4411a" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linkedin-icon-2.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9KdO6XMAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Google_Scholar_logo.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/jamestwosemusic" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/instagram-2016-5.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linktr.ee/jmsmusic" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linktree-2.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://open.spotify.com/artist/0nb7d2wGMy8y8pvr3bTnV4" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/spotify-2.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLQar4hSRKHWgJfcrfpAhnw/featured" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/youtube-icon.svg" alt="jamestwose" height="30" width="40" /></a>


### Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/python-5.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Rlang" width="28px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/r-lang.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="AWS" width="30px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/Amazon_Web_Services_Logo.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/postgresql.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/mysql-6.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/git-icon.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/github-icon-1.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/ubuntu-4.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="24px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/html-1.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="24px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/css-3.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/logo-javascript.svg" />

<br>
<br>

### ⚡ Recent Github Activity 

<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
1. 🎉 Merged PR [#3](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/3) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
2. 💪 Opened PR [#3](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/3) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
3. 🎉 Merged PR [#2](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/2) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
4. 💪 Opened PR [#2](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack/pull/2) in [jameshtwose/jmspack](https://github.com/jameshtwose/jmspack)
5. 🎉 Merged PR [#1](https://github.com/jameshtwose/fitbit-dash-jms/pull/1) in [jameshtwose/fitbit-dash-jms](https://github.com/jameshtwose/fitbit-dash-jms)
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->


### 📺 Latest YouTube Videos

<!-- YOUTUBE:START -->
<!-- YOUTUBE:END -->


<codersrank-education username="jameshtwose"></codersrank-education>
